{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red33\green44\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;\cssrgb\c17255\c23137\c33333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17760\viewh14380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
https://www.kaggle.com/wsj/college-salaries\
\
https://data.world/education/university-rankings-2017\
\
https://www.kaggle.com/zillow/rent-index/download\
https://www.kaggle.com/cbhyphen/post-college-salaries-exploration-in-r/code#analysis-of-salaries\
\
1. Overview of purpose\
2. Analysis of salaries (histogram/bell curve)\
	a. distribution/correlation of starting salaries, and mid-career salaries\
3. Salaries by region (heat map) \'97> see if there are differences in starting or mid-career salary by region\
	a. Top 50 schools by region\
	b. distribution/correlation of salaries based on region\
		- california and northeastern region appear to have higher starting and mid-career salaries\
4. Salaries by major\
5. Salaries by college type \
	a. Does college name/type (state, private, ivy, liberal, etc) matter in starting salary?\
\
-below/above average salaries by region/major\
-largest difference (percent change) in starting and mid-career salaries per region/major\
\
If i can find tuition data \'97 \
it would be fun to tie this into (1) pay off for salaries post school (i.e. ivy league cost more than state, and if payoff for going to state or ivy will have higher return value) \
\'97 group by school type \
\'97 manual lookup\
\
- maps (heat map) \
- colored by median starting salary (see what state pays more)\
- add cost of living (by state)\
- Top 10 city cost (eliminate state)\
\
bonus \
-income by city \
-tuition \
\
Next week:\
working shiny app from RStudio, \
- one to two charts that are interactive \
- send code ahead of time if you have a bug\
- if you have questions about code \'97 send over my email\
\
\
Visualizations:\
-Map to show highest salary in US region\
-Histogram to show starting salaries by degree\
\
\
Mentor meeting 10/1\
-Map: add variable: let the user to choose starting salary or mid career salary (let them choose which color)\
-exploration data:\
	be very organized with very specific questions\
-cost benefit analysis of tuition \
-make decisions based on salaries (choose a major that gives you best salary, choose ideal college, think about environment of city (quality, transportation) tie those in to \'93which state to go for quality of life and best salary\'94). 
\fs30 \

\fs24 -google vis (more interactive) \
\
\
\

\fs28 General Correlation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. What are the distributions for starting median salary and mid-career median salary by college?\
2. Any correlation between starting and mid-career salaries?\
\
Salaries vs. Majors & College Type\
3. How do salaries differ by degree? Which majors show the highest starting and mid-career salaries?\
4. Do Salaries differ by college type? What is the relationship between starting and mid-career salary by school type?\
5. does going to a state school that is a party school?\
6. Top 20 schools by type\
To focus on individual colleges/universities, here are the top 20 schools by median mid-career salary.\
\'97distribution of percentile\
\
Salaries vs. Region\
7. \cf2 Salaries by region\cf0 \
8. Top 20 schools by region\
9. Region and type: what does the distribution look like across college type and region?\
10. How do starting salary and mid-career median salary differ over region and type?\
11. What is the cost of tuition per school per region?\
12. What is the starting salary per region per school (type/region)? Is there a significant difference between ivy league vs. state?\
\
college type vs. starting med salary vs. tuition\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs30\fsmilli15200 \cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Submission in respect to the deadline.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Background knowledge of dataset(s).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Communication of motivation: why do we care?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Research questions/answers of interest\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Time management (not going over the allotted time).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ability to answer audience questions.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Explanation of future work: what would you do if given more time, data, etc.?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ability of an arbitrary audience to glean insights in your absence.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use of R and ggplot2, and Shiny.
\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Things to explore:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Cost of living in each state vs. salary\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Majors by school and salary\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Salary post- grad school\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Salaries by field and type of organization (corporate, non-profit, etc) \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}